[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: Three collections sets,
maps, and weak maps.
You guys read a bit about them?
Okay, they're kind of like things we
already use today, but they're different,
so we're going to explain
them a little bit.
So Set is like an array, Map is like
a Key-Value Object that we normally use.
And then WeakMap is like a Map,
but still different still.
So let's talk about each one.
So sets, we're gonna cruise through them.
So set's a unique collection of things,
and it will make sure that they're unique.
So I just say new Set.
I can add 1, 2, and 3.
I can log the set.size,
it tells me there's 3, okay?
The reason you'd put something in as a set
is because a set has a dot iterable on it,
or dot iterator.
And you can do some things with
iterators and four loops and
stuff to get things out
of them efficiently.
So that's why you'd put something
in a set as opposed to an array.
So it forces unique values,
so if I call set.add and
I give it 1 three times,
the length is still 1, we didn't
add it three times like an array would've.
>> Aaron Frost: So
if I make a set, and
I'm gonna highlight just the code here.
And if I say has(1) it's gonna false,
and then we add 1 and
if I say has(1) it's true.
So I've now taught you has and
add, so now I can call clear,
and if I say has(1) it's false again,
because it cleared out the set.
So the set's now empty.
That's how you clear out
a set is with clear.
I can add 1 and 2 to it, and
it will tell me the size is 2.
And if I delete 2,
the size will now be 1, okay?
So these are kind of the methods
that you put on them.
Yeah?
Okay.
>> Aaron Frost: There's
no type casting for uniqueness.
So like you might expect it
to say maybe a 1 in string 1.
Are the same, but they're not, right?
So, if I add 1 and
if I say has(1), it's true.
If I have a string 1, it's false.
So it's not gonna typecast that.
A lot of things in the past
to typecast strings and
numbers to be interchangeable,
but this definitely doesn't.
I can then add one and
then it will have one at that point, so.
So yeah, to iterate over them,
if I make a new set,
and again, see how I did this?
I passed an array, you bet you
can make a set out of an array or
you can do that, add syntax that I
showed you, to put things in there.
This isn't supported everywhere.
So, Chrome has got sets.
At least some Chrome has got sets.
Because my man's Chrome didn't have sets.
But I swear I had sets the other day.
I could be crazy, though.
So some of the constructors
don't support this though.
So if you try and make it set like
this like from an array, it may die.
Actually it won't die,
it just will ignore it.
So it will still run.
I don't know which one's more dangerous to
be honest with you, but there's a new kind
of for loop here in JavaScript that you're
gonna, and yes, you can see it's a for of.
And if you have something that
has an iterator property,
it will sit there and it will iterate
through each of the things in there, okay?
So yeah, iterators are, okay.
Iterators kind of go hand
in hand with generators.
But it will just iterate
one by one through the set.